This plugin is a ruby gem that adds a module for the devise gem. It implements
latch authentication usable by any rails app using devise. That means that
you should already know something about developing with Rails and Devise in
order to use this gem

Rails is one of the most used frameworks to build web apps. A high number of
startups use Rails to build their products, and almost every one of them uses
some kind of user handling to allow sign-up and sign-in capabilities to their
websites.

Devise is a gem used for user authentication. It is valued as the #1 must-have
gem for any rails app by a large number of websites, blogs and professionals.
It implements user sign-in and sign-up in a easy and modularizable way, so that
developers can forget about user handling and focus on building their apps.

Although there's a publicly available latch ruby sdk, it can be somehow 
confusing adding Latch to a rails app, since it involves knowledge about how
user registration and logging in implementations work, and gems precisaly
abstract these implementations. 

This plugin adds Latch as a Devise module. This means that any rails app that
is using devise can add an extra layer of security with latch. And the
good thing is that if they know how to use Devise they already know how to use
Devise Latcheable!

There is an app already configured with Devise and Devise Latcheable at
https://github.com/carlosrdrz/latch_app. To run it, you just need to modify
the file config/latch.yml and write there your app id and secret.
This app is only an example, but shows how the module works.

There is an online version of latch_app running at http://latcheable.carlosrdrz.es

In the future, it will be great if Devise Latcheable is merged with Devise. The
authors of Devise did this before with other modules and it eliminates steps
for installation and configuration of Devise Latcheable, therefore simplyfing
the process of implementing Latch in any app.

I think that Devise Latcheable should win the contest because it allows a lot
of apps to implement Latch in a easy way, and this can encourage the usage of
Latch in the rails community, which is one of the most active developer
communities right now.